[ServiceNow] Mirror In Closing Option (#23850)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_5_7.md

#### Integrations
##### ServiceNow v2

> - Added a Mirror In Closing Option in ServiceNow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **close_incident_multiple_options** integration param to replace **close_incident** integration param. Now it is possible to change the incident-closing method. The options are 'closed' or 'resolved'
```

Author: Done 👍

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.9.45313*.

#### Layouts
##### ServiceNow Ticket

> - Updated the ServiceNow Ticket Layout.

Reviewer: Please specify the fields you've added

Author: Due to the PR split, these modifications have been undone, making them irrelevant for these release notes.

#### Mappers
##### ServiceNow - Incoming Mapper

> - Updated the ServiceNow Incoming Mapper.

Reviewer: Please specify the field/s you've added

Author: Due to the PR split, these modifications have been undone, making them irrelevant for these release notes.

#### Integrations
##### ServiceNow v2

> - Added the *close_incident_multiple_options* integration param to replace *close_incident* integration param. Now it is possible to change the incident-closing method. The options are 'closed' or 'resolved'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Mirrored XSOAR Ticket closure method* integration param to replace *close_incident* integration param. Now it is possible to change the incident-closing method. The options are 'closed' or 'resolved'.
```

Author: Done.
